# bio-it115-sp21

My name is Kidane Mengisteab, I also go by the name KD, and for the last few years, I have worked through a variety of jobs experience. These multiple of jobs ranged from working as global unarmed security for Facebook to my last former job, as a teller at US bank. As former teller at US bank, I work with multiple high end individuals to help access their personal accounts, help reach out to bankers, work against account fraud, etc... Moving forward, I have built the necessary work foundation, culture, ethic, and perspective needed to go forward to any job I settle in. 

Little bit about myself, is I am very passionate avid reader, I enjoy a lot of different literary work, my personal favorites being autobiographies. They have always bring sense of achievement to myself, in a way I see myself in their place as if I am reading my own autobiography, which leads me to be engage even more in my effort for success in future.  My personal favorite was the historical life legends and events of Steve Job, a man who carried a passionate dream of the tech future.

 I also have a big passion in investing, seeing my money rise and fall, double or lose, is an interesting part of the investment, it teaches you to be patient and open your mind to see opportunities.  Especially so, when your investment hits, it brings another feeling of spiritual pleasure to see success in what you do.  My personal interest mainly focuses on crypto currencies, its little bit easier to work on rather than stocks, although I do work on stocks too. Investing is also great way of accumulating currency, and teaching investors to think out of the box and see opportunities.
